ENG-6679: Introduce support for changefeeds (#192)
fauna/fauna-python: README.md

client.stream(fql('Product.all().toStream()'), options)
```

## Change Feeds

<!-- TODO: turn "Changefeeds" into a link when available. -->

The driver supports Changefeeds.

### Start a changefeed

> Changefeeds work by interactively polling from a [Fauna Stream](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/streaming). 
> To get a stream token, append ``toStream()`` or ``changesOn()`` to a set from a
> [supported source](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/reference/streaming_reference/#supported-sources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A changefeed asynchronously polls an [event stream](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/streaming),
represented by a stream token, for events.

To get a stream token, append ``toStream()`` or ``changesOn()`` to a set from a
[supported source](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/reference/streaming_reference/#supported-sources).
```

> To create a changefeed, pass the stream token to ``change_feed()`` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get paginated set of events for the stream, pass the stream token to ``change_feed()``:
```

```python
  from fauna import fql
  from fauna.client import Client

  client = Client()

  response = client.query(fql('''
  let set = Product.all()
  {
    initialPage: set.pageSize(10),
    streamToken: set.toStream()
  }
  '''))

  initialPage = response.data['initialPage']
  streamToken = response.data['streamToken']

  client.change_feed(streamToken)
```

You can also pass a query that produces a stream token directly to
``change_feed()``:

```python
  query = fql('Product.all().changesOn(.price, .quantity)')

  client.change_feed(query)
```

### Iterate on a changefeed

> ``change_feed()`` returns an iterator that emits pates of events on every
> iteration. You can use a generator expression to iterate through the pages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``change_feed()`` returns an iterator that emits pages of events.
You can use a generator expression to iterate through the pages:
```

```python
query = fql('Product.all().changesOn(.price, .quantity)')

with client.change_feed(query) as feed:
  for page in feed:
    print('Page stats: ', page.stats)

    for event in page.events:
      eventType = event['type']
      if (eventType == 'add'):
        print('Add event: ', event)
        ## ...
      elif (eventType == 'update'):
        print('Update event: ', event)
        ## ...
      elif (eventType == 'remove'):
        print('Remove event: ', event)
        ## ...
```

Alternatively, you can iterate through events instead of pages with
``flatten()``:

```python
query = fql('Product.all().changesOn(.price, .quantity)')

with client.change_feed(query) as feed:
  for event in feed.flatten():
    eventType = event['type']
    ## ...
```

> The changefeed iterator will stop once there are no more events to poll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changefeed iterator stops when there are no more events to poll.
```

We should probably mention that you can later poll the stream for new events by specifying the last event's `cursor` or a `start_ts`.

client.stream(fql('Product.all().toStream()'), options)
```

## Change Feeds (beta)

> <!-- TODO: turn "Change Feeds" into a link when available. -->
> 
> The driver supports Change Feeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The driver supports [Change Feeds](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/track-changes/streaming/#change-feeds).
```

This is the expected URL. Also fine if we want to update this later.

### Request a Change Feed

A Change Feed asynchronously polls an [event stream](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/streaming),
represented by a stream token, for events. 

To get a stream token, append ``toStream()`` or ``changesOn()`` to a set from a
[supported source](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/reference/streaming_reference/#supported-sources).

To get paginated events for the stream, pass the stream token to
``change_feed()``:

```python
  from fauna import fql
  from fauna.client import Client

  client = Client()

  response = client.query(fql('''
  let set = Product.all()
  {
    initialPage: set.pageSize(10),
    streamToken: set.toStream()
  }
  '''))

  initialPage = response.data['initialPage']
  streamToken = response.data['streamToken']

  client.change_feed(streamToken)
```

You can also pass a query that produces a stream token directly to
``change_feed()``:

```python
  query = fql('Product.all().changesOn(.price, .quantity)')

  client.change_feed(query)
```

### Iterate on a Change Feed

``change_feed()`` returns an iterator that emits pages of events. You can use a
generator expression to iterate through the pages:

```python

> query = fql('Product.all().changesOn(.price, .quantity)')

Reviewer: This field is now `stock` in the demo data. I'll open a separate PR is clean up other examples in the README.
```suggestion
query = fql('Product.all().changesOn(.price, .stock)')
```

> with client.change_feed(query) as feed:
>   for page in feed:
>     print('Page stats: ', page.stats)
> 
>     for event in page:
>       eventType = event['type']
>       if (eventType == 'add'):
>         print('Add event: ', event)
>         ## ...
>       elif (eventType == 'update'):
>         print('Update event: ', event)
>         ## ...
>       elif (eventType == 'remove'):
>         print('Remove event: ', event)
>         ## ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feed = client.change_feed(query)
for page in feed:
  print('Page stats: ', page.stats)

  for event in page:
    eventType = event['type']
    if (eventType == 'add'):
      print('Add event: ', event)
      ## ...
    elif (eventType == 'update'):
      print('Update event: ', event)
      ## ...
    elif (eventType == 'remove'):
      print('Remove event: ', event)
      ## ...
```

When I use `with` on a change feed, I get this error:

`TypeError: 'ChangeFeedIterator' object does not support the context manager protocol`

```

Alternatively, you can iterate through events instead of pages with
``flatten()``:

```python
query = fql('Product.all().changesOn(.price, .quantity)')

> with client.change_feed(query) as feed:
>   for event in feed.flatten():
>     eventType = event['type']
>     ## ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feed = client.change_feed(query)
for event in feed.flatten():
  eventType = event['type']
  ## ...
```

from fauna import fql
from fauna.client import Client
from fauna.errors import FaunaException

client = Client()

try:
  feed = client.change_feed(fql(
    'Product.all().changesOn(.price, .quantity)'
  ))
  for event in feed.flatten():
    print(event)
    # ...
except FaunaException as e:
  print('error ocurred with change feed: ', e)
```

Errors can be raised at two different places:

1. At the ``change_feed`` method call;
2. At the page iteration.

This distinction allows for users to ignore errors originating from event
processing. For example:

```python
from fauna import fql
from fauna.client import Client
from fauna.errors import FaunaException

client = Client()

# Imagine if there are some products with details = null.
# The ones without details will fail due to the toUpperCase call.
feed = client.change_feed(fql(
  'Product.all().map(.details.toUpperCase()).toStream()'
))

for page in feed:
  try:
    for event in page:
      print(event)
      # ...
  except FaunaException as e:
    # Pages will stop at the first error encountered.
    # Therefore, its safe to handle an event failures
    # and then pull more pages.
    print('error ocurred with event processing: ', e)

> ```

Reviewer 2: @jrodewig @erickpintor This will need updated now along with the Erick's changes to error handling.

Reviewer: Sounds good. I'll wait on guidance from @erickpintor. It looks like I also need to update the [broader Change Feeds ](https://github.com/fauna/docs.fauna.com/pull/2324)docs to cover error handling.
